you
this is me and you're probably guessing
why I'm running well it'll all be
explained shortly
Dave are you here hello Dave man I've
been trying to find you Dave I need to
tell you something somewhere out there
the military is looking for us and once
they find us they're going to kill us
because they think that we're infected
not only that we need to get everybody
out of here now they're going to be
nuking the town in a day or two because
they need to kill off the infection we
need to get out of the town before that
happens do you got me all right I'll
tell everybody but I have one question
how are we going to get past all of
those zombies